---
layout: post
title: "[IELTS Writing] #0001 TASK 2 - Living in a country where you have to speak a foreign language can cause serious a social problems, as well as practical problems (Agee/Disagree)"
comments: true
author: dorbae
date: 2019-04-22 +0900
categories : [Ielts,Writing]
tags: [english,ielts,writing]
sitemap :
  changefreq : weekly
---

# Topic

* Living in a country where you have to speak a foreign language can cause serious a social problems, as well as practical problems

* To what extent do you agree or disagree with this statement?

<br />

# Answer
## In my case
* It is a common belief that living with foreigners in a country is helpful to both national people and them. However, I firmly believe that it can cause several critical problems.
<br />
<br />
To begin with, it can cause social trouble by misunderstanding each culture. Commonly, there is a lot of different meaning of gestures, even though you do the same gesture or pose. For instance, the gesture rasing the only thumb is usually meaning that presents you are the best or you are good at something in most countries. On the other hand, in Argentina, it is one that blames other people. If someone doesn't know about the difference, it can make huge trouble.
<br />
<br />
Furthermore, there is another example. When I was in Japan for a month, I always asked for the person who I met first to exchange the name card. Unfortunately, I knew that is was very rude behavior in Japan. So, I had to apologize to them by phone.
<br />
<br />
On top of that, there can be practical issues. If you can't communicate what you want to say exactly, it would lead to an unexpected result. For example, in the market, when you speak a foreign language, you may do not buy the proper things that you want, because you and the seller can't communicate with each other. From this, you can buy unnecessary goods.
<br />
<br />
In these regards, it is clear that it can cause not only social problems but also trouble which you can suffer from in everyday life. To live in the location you should speak a foreign language it is important that you should learn their culture as well as their language.


## Correction

* It is a common belief that living with foreigners in a country has a lot of advantages. However, I firmly believe that it can cause several critical problems.
<br />
<br />
To begin with, it can cause social trouble by misunderstanding each culture. Commonly, gestures have a lot of different meanings. Therefore, even though you do the same gesture or pose, it may have different interpretations. For instance, the gesture raising a thumb is usually means you are the best or you are good at something in most countries. On the other hand, in Argentina, it means you are blaming other people. If someone someone doesn't know about the difference, it can make huge trouble. 
<br />
<br />
Furthermore, when I was in Japan for a month, I always asked the person I met for the first time to exchange name card with me. Unfortunately, I didn't know that was a very rude behavior in Japan. So, I had to apologize to them on the phone.
<br />
<br />
 On top of that, there can be practical issues. If you can't convey what you want to say exactly, it might lead to an unexpected result. For example, in the market, when you speak a foreign language, you may not be able to buy the proper things that you want, because you and the seller can't communicate with each other. Since thie reason, you may buy unnecessary goods which you do not want.
 <br />
 <br />
 In these regards, it is clear that it can cause not only social problems but also trouble which can make you suffer in your everyday life. To live abroad,  it is important to learn their culture as well as their language.